General: The following commands are supported
    help,
    new,
    move,
    show,
    undo,
    fill,
    set,
    unset and
    brute.
    Type 'help <command>' to get help about a command.
    Type 'help notation' to get help about the notations supported.

New: Creates a new board.

Move: Must be followed by a move or a sequence of moves. For example
    'move N S N S' or 'move e2 e8 e3h', depending on the notation used.

Show: Prints the current board.

Set: Sets a flag. The flags are
    invert - inverts the view of the board, i.e. rotates the board by 180 degrees
    more to come...

Unset: Unsets a flag. The flags are
    invert - inverts the view of the board, i.e. rotates the board by 180 degrees
    more to come...

Brute: Tries to solve the current board position by depth first search up to the specified depth.
    It should return a score and a sequence of suggested moves leading to this score.
    You can use the 'fill' command to fill unused areas of the board. This makes it easier for the algorithm.
    'fill' is followed by four numbers, which are choordinates of the lower left and upper right corners to fill.
    For example 'fill 0 0 7 7' fills the entire board with walls.

Notation: Sets the notation used. Must be followed by 'relative' or 'absolute'.
/////////
    In relative notation, a move is encoded by specifying its direction.
    Moving up is 'N', down is 'S', left is 'W' and right is 'E'.
    A jump is encoded by two consecutive moves, for example 'NN' is a jump two spaces up and 'NW' is a diagonal jump.
    Wall are encoded by a 'H' for horizontal or 'V' for vertical followed by the choordinates of the centre of the wall.
    Type 'show' to see the choordinate system (set relative notation with 'notation relative' first).
    An example is 'N S N S N S Hd3'.
/////////
    In absolute notation, a move is encoded by the chordinates of the player after the move.
    Type 'show' to see the choordinate system (set absolute notation with 'notation absolute' first).
    A Wall is encoded by the choordinates of its lower left square followed by 'h' for horizontal or 'v' for vertival.
    An example is 'e3h'.

Undo: Tries to undo the last command that changed the board (i.e. ignoring things like 'show').
    Can be used like 'undo' to undo 1 step but can also be followed by a number to undo that many steps, like 'undo 5'.

Fill: Must be followed by 4 numbers in the range 0..7 inclusive.
    The numbers are the choordinate of the lower left and upper right corners of the area to be filled.

WrongInput: I'm sorry, I don't understand the input. Type 'help' for help.
